Processor hints doc (#379)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/elastic-agent/configuration/autodiscovery/kubernetes-hints-autodiscover.asciidoc

If the specified package has no logs support, a generic container's logs input will be used as a fallback. See the `Hints autodiscovery for kubernetes log collection` example below.

[float]
=== `co.elastic.hints/processors`

Define a processor to be added to the  input configuration. See <<elastic-agent-processor-configuration>> for the list of supported processors.

> If processors configuration uses list data structure, object fields must be enumerated. For example, hints for the rename processor configuration below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the processors configuration uses list data structure, object fields must be enumerated. For example, hints are specified for the rename processor configuration below:
```

> If processors configuration uses list data structure, object fields must be enumerated. For example, hints for the rename processor configuration below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the processors configuration uses list data structure, object fields must be enumerated. For example, hints for the rename processor configuration below
```

[source,yaml]
----
processors:
  - rename:
      fields:
        - from: "a.g"
          to: "e.d"
      fail_on_error: true
----

will look like:

[source,yaml]
----
co.elastic.hints/processors.rename.fields.0.from: "a.g"
co.elastic.hints/processors.rename.fields.1.to: "e.d"
co.elastic.hints/processors.rename.fail_on_error: 'true'
----

If processors configuration uses map data structure, enumeration is not needed. For example, the equivalent to the add_fields configuration below

[source,yaml]
----
processors:
  - add_fields:
      target: project
      fields:
        name: myproject
----

is

[source,yaml]
----
co.elastic.hints/processors.1.add_fields.target: "project"
co.elastic.hints/processors.1.add_fields.fields.name: "myproject"
----

In order to provide ordering of the processor definition, numbers can be provided. If not, the hints builder will do arbitrary ordering:

[source,yaml]
----
co.elastic.hints/processors.1.dissect.tokenizer: "%{key1} %{key2}"
co.elastic.hints/processors.dissect.tokenizer: "%{key2} %{key1}"
----

In the above sample the processor definition tagged with 1 would be executed first.

> IMPORTANT: Processor configuration is not supported on datastream level. So annotations like `co.elastic.hints/<datastream>.processors` will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: Processor configuration is not supported on the datastream level, so annotations like `co.elastic.hints/<datastream>.processors` are ignored.
```

    scope: node
----

[discrete]
=== Hints autodiscovery for kubernetes logs with JSON decoding

> Based on previous example, users might want to perform extra processing on specific logs, eg. to decode specific fields containing JSON strings. Usage of << decode-json-fields >> is advisable as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the previous example, users might want to perform extra processing on specific logs, for example to decode specific fields containing JSON strings. Use of <<decode-json-fields>> is advisable as follows:
```

> Users need to have enabled hints autodiscovery as described in `Hints autodiscovery for kubernetes log collection` example before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to have enabled hints autodiscovery, as described in the previous `Hints autodiscovery for Kubernetes log collection` example.
```

> The pod that will produce json logs needs to be annotated with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pod that will produce JSON logs needs to be annotated with:
```

[source,yaml]
----

 annotations:
        co.elastic.hints/package: "container_logs"
        co.elastic.hints/processors.decode_json_fields.fields: "message"
        co.elastic.hints/processors.decode_json_fields.add_error_key: 'true'
        co.elastic.hints/processors.decode_json_fields.overwrite_keys: 'true'
        co.elastic.hints/processors.decode_json_fields.target: "team"
----

> > NOTE: Above parameters for decode_json_fields processor are just an example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: These parameters for the `decode_json_fields` processor are just an example.
```

> A following log entry :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following log entry:
```

[source,json]
----
{"myteam": "ole"}
----

> Will produce both fields, the original `message` field and also the target field `team`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Will produce both fields: the original `message` field and also the target field `team`.
```
